Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's start with cocky scope.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Hey? All. I'm Joseph, the CEO of cogniscope I am going to share, like we as cogniscope, we transform player feedback into game, changing insights.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And
Çoruh | CogniScope: I know it's a bit like a broad perspective. But what we actually do is we analyze
Çoruh | CogniScope: textual data from the community within like discord channels, reddit.
Çoruh | CogniScope: twitter, so on, so forth. Any place that you can get players feedback.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And we analyze emotions, thoughts, and behavioral patterns of these users from their textual data to understand what they are talking about. How do they actually feel about it, and what kind of personality they may have? So it's
Çoruh | CogniScope: these, all 3. Oh.
Çoruh | CogniScope: the these all 3 pillars are
Çoruh | CogniScope: in this, in psychology. It's these old, these 3 pillars are the
Çoruh | CogniScope: way to understand
Çoruh | CogniScope: the human mind, actually, how it works, and so on and so forth. So
Çoruh | CogniScope: we analyze this stuff, we assess the underlying motives and patterns, behavioral patterns. And we give developers a prioritized action list on what to focus on first, st how to solve problems, what problems. So or like.
Çoruh | CogniScope: for example, they may have
Çoruh | CogniScope: 20% of their users probably can be neurotic.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and their opinions are changing. Their emotions are changing so fast
Çoruh | CogniScope: that if you do what they say, you probably might.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Phil. Thank you, Neil. Phil, Neil, by the way.
Çoruh | CogniScope: so
Çoruh | CogniScope: what we do is we basically help them to
Çoruh | CogniScope: tackle on their problems more effectively and really understand their players and
Çoruh | CogniScope: help them develop games that people are real, really, emotionally connected. And
Çoruh | CogniScope: like we love
Çoruh | CogniScope: in a nutshell. So
Çoruh | CogniScope: we are all gamers
Çoruh | CogniScope: years. And we were like, I've been beta testing games for over a decade.
Çoruh | CogniScope: or is managing a world of Warcraft community over a thousand people for 3 and a half years.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and Philip is actually a dungeon master. She doesn't talk about it much.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and Boris is also a competitor, gamer. And we were the guys who were talking about these problems, who were in the community
Çoruh | CogniScope: warning the community managers asking for
Çoruh | CogniScope: as
Çoruh | CogniScope: highlighting the errors and so on. So forth. And we figured out they couldn't listen us, because we
Çoruh | CogniScope: are like
Çoruh | CogniScope: players are a huge part of the game, and there are a lot of players that you should listen. For example, rainbow 6 discord channel
Çoruh | CogniScope: gets over 30,000 messages per day. They have 15 community managers, and they, as far as we can learn from them. They can only read 10% of the messages daily. So there are like, 90% of their user feedback are just dormant. Stay there staying there, and
Çoruh | CogniScope: the cost is around 9 cents per the message.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So that's why we
Çoruh | CogniScope: we tackle on
Çoruh | CogniScope: with a new like
Çoruh | CogniScope: employing a new niche
Çoruh | CogniScope: as utilizing psychology with AI models to actually
Çoruh | CogniScope: trying to understand
Çoruh | CogniScope: what people are saying, feeling, and how they are going to behave, because usually there are some sentiment analysis. They just give you positive negative, just a topic like they can the usual text analysis tools.
Çoruh | CogniScope: You. Some of you probably know all of this, but
Çoruh | CogniScope: they are just giving out
Çoruh | CogniScope: like price negative. And none of the developers can work around that. They want to know why.
Çoruh | CogniScope: at
Çoruh | CogniScope: people think as
Çoruh | CogniScope: the game is not worth the money, and that's why we are focusing on
Çoruh | CogniScope: So so far we have reached
Çoruh | CogniScope: many players. We
Çoruh | CogniScope: pivoted into the gaming sector
Çoruh | CogniScope: around the start of this year.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and the
Çoruh | CogniScope: the initial feedbacks are great. We have a working Mvp. We are talking with some big gaming companies like Miniclip.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Zinga Peak.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and
Çoruh | CogniScope: the more live service games are already like
Çoruh | CogniScope: Trying to understand how it can be beneficial.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And so far we are seeking for some proof of concepts with major gaming studios.
Çoruh | CogniScope: actual live service games.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and hopefully we will get our 1st invoice within the tech stars batch.
Lilliana Robinson: That's awesome trout. That was 4 min. If
Lilliana Robinson: did you want to add any any final note.
Çoruh | CogniScope: You can ask me some stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright, that was really cool. I loved hearing about all of your gaming. I did not know that about police. Do we have any questions we could take. Like 2 for the cogniscope team.
Lilliana Robinson: Dave.
Dave Scott: Yeah, this is awesome. I can't wait to be one of your 1st customers. Can you tell me what? What is
Dave Scott: What what stage is the technology in now like? Is it demonstrable?
Çoruh | CogniScope: Minute.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, actually, like we have a dashboard. We have, like, I think.
Çoruh | CogniScope: sorry if I'm correct, please, or British correct me. If I'm wrong. We have 5 AI models that works simultaneously, talking to each other to
Çoruh | CogniScope: assess the problems, the aspects, emotions, behavioral patterns.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and some like 0 shots, classifications for you to use it much better. And we it has right now it has email and discord integration. So it's actually usable right now.
Çoruh | CogniScope: If you have a massive discord channel that you can't handle by yourself.
Çoruh | CogniScope: We can try it out.
Çoruh | CogniScope: of course.
Çoruh | CogniScope: yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I hope the my answer satisfies you.
Lilliana Robinson: One more question.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, thank you. Cockney scope. Thanks for going first.st That was great. I really appreciated it. And, Dave, it sounds like you guys are going to be able to kind of jive on the on the gaming front, which is exciting. So we'll start with or we'll go to seascape clinical, which is Monica and Monica. You were actually not here yesterday. So, though the group hasn't heard from you, if you want to also like, introduce yourself
Lilliana Robinson: and then your company.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah. Can I share some slides? I have them up absolutely.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Now let me know if you can see my screen.
Lilliana Robinson: We can see your desktop.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, should be able to see a slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Company overview.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Hi, everyone nice to meet you. I'm sorry I couldn't join. Yesterday I was driving down to a conference which is where I'm at right now in Orange County, which is near la
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): so I have to give a pitch later this week. So that's why I'm working on these slides, anyway. It's nice to have a visual but a little bit about me. My name is Monica Roy. I'm the founder of Seascape clinical.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Which is a tech platform company that help tries to help eliminate
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): busy work for clinical trial teams at Pharma companies. And so I have over 20 years of experience working in clinical trial management. And I was very disillusioned with all the technology that debuted over the last decade. So I thought, okay as an end user. I think I could come up with something a lot better.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And so that was the main inspiration. So we were founded in 2,019. We didn't really get going until 2022 we're based in the Sf Bay area where I was born and raised. So I can give you guys a lot of tips about Sf and Bay area in general.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): We're a global company. So you know, we're not limited by geography.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): We have about 15 fractional employees.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): We have a little bit of revenue coming in from our 1st client.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And we're primarily geared towards helping Pharma companies. They could be small biotech companies or larger pharma companies, which are the ones I'm trying to network into at this conference.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So you know, not everyone here we know about clinical trials, but just to break it down into very simple terms, like, what is the type of busy work that we're trying to automate via our platform. And so there's many different processes within this busy work. But here's an example of one of them. So typically when we start a clinical trial, we have to create a bunch of Excel or Google spreadsheets. Because we have to track
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): patient by patient or clinical, side by clinical site, a lot of different types of information coming from different external databases. So we end up creating what we call these trackers. So we end up creating 20. But here's 4 as an example. And then we have all of these external base databases. So central central lab database, imaging database, etc. So what ends up happening is we end up going to these external databases
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and then manually entering information back into the tracker. And this is happening recurringly
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): on a daily basis. And then, in addition, we have to follow up with our clinical sites to get them to enter data into the database, or we collaborate with our vendors. So again, we're sending emails manually one by one trying to get updates. And this is happening recurrently as well.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and that's just one process. And so if you take this process and you spread it out over every therapeutic area in a pharmaceutical company like you can have oncology, you can have dermatology, etc. And you have multiple trials under each. This kind of inefficiency just compounds.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): And so our platform is trying to automate as much of these processes as possible. Here are some examples like these are some of the types of things we do in clinical trial management. So we have to do the spreadsheet tracking. We create timelines, multiple timelines.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): so on and so forth.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Here is a time saving. So we're taking again. This is a subset of all the processes 17 HA week, and distilling it into 1.3 HA week, helping the team save time.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Here's some other qualitative roi clinical trials. They're getting more and more complicated. So more and more data is coming in. The processes are getting crazier and crazier. So this is an important time
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): to do something about it. And that's where we come in
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): and just to conclude what differentiates us, there's a lot of eclinical solutions on the market, but they only end up providing transparency. So they're giving you metrics and dashboards right like numbers and figures. But they're not lowering your work in. In a lot of cases. They increase your work because you're manually entering information. And the information is incomplete. So we've built a lot of, you know, different types of tools that are very differentiated from what's out there in the market
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): to help these companies.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So yeah, that's all about us.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you, Monica.
Lilliana Robinson: Does anyone have any questions for your seascape?
Morgan Stanton: I have a question that's super exciting. I worked in biotech for a while. I know how clinical trials can be a mess. Are. Are you saving some on cost? I I'm just curious like they're they're so expensive to run a clinical trial like, do does your? I know you're you've just kind of started out getting your that 1st client reducing costs in any way. You're reducing time. Obviously.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, that's actually the slide. I glossed over and they went over the quantitative Ri, but not the qualitative. And actually, for that client we have allowed them to actually not have to hire additional people after adding trials. So they were able to keep the same team usually with each trial you have to add, like another clinical trial manager, another clinical trial assistant. They've been able to do much more with the same small team.
Morgan Stanton: Amazing.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, very cool.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other question.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright? Well, that's okay.
Lilliana Robinson: So thank you so much, Monica, and it's great to see you. We will send you the recordings from yesterday. We recorded everything. Okay, Morgan, with opal therapeutics.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah. So I'm kind of an earlier stage in the biotech pipeline than Monica. So I'm more at the the R. And D early stage drug discovery. So opal therapeutics, our tagline is uterus in a dish. And essentially, we're looking for new therapeutics for chronic gynecological conditions. And one of the main reasons for this is just traditionally, you know, biopharma, pharmaceutical industry is just kind of ignored.
Morgan Stanton: female biology. For a long time it wasn't even like, until, like the National Institute of Health, forced people to use female rats and studies like less than a decade ago. So female biology is still like relatively new in the biosphere, and at opal therapeutics we make it top priority. It's all we work on. And so our 1st 2 disease. Pipelines are fibroids and endometriosis.
Morgan Stanton: And our scientific strategy is using 3 pillars. So we're using one. This like patient 1st model that we're collecting lots of patient data to identify new therapeutic targets exclusively. Women's data. 2 is AI for female biology. And this is kind of a broad term that we're just training our AI algorithms on imaging data we're acquiring in house. And again, we're only using female cells, female tissue.
Morgan Stanton: And finally, our our final pillar, which is a big piece, is organoid systems. And so organoid models are essentially miniature versions of a patient's organ. So you can imagine they people do them with brains. They make little miniature brains in a tiny dish. We're doing it essentially only with the uterus. So we're collecting patient cells and creating miniature versions of uterus in a petri dish dish. So we can test
Morgan Stanton: therapeutics there. And so we take lots and lots of images of these organoid uterus models, and then kind of feedback loop into our AI model and train it on. Essentially, what's a healthy state? This is a healthy, happy state. And what's a disease state. And with this data, then we can start to look at. Hey, does a drug rescue a disease phenotype? Are we pushing a disease state more towards a healthy state.
Morgan Stanton: and we can identify new therapeutics there with this platform. We're also working with other founders in the female biotech space, right? Especially the past 5 years. There's lots of biotechs that have sprung up to help women. And so we want to use our platform to help them validate their science. We know there's a lot of founders out there with great ideas for women, but maybe they they don't have the scientific
Morgan Stanton: expertise, or they're looking for a certain model. So we're trying to use our platform to help them make sure their products can succeed. And we can provide that scientific validation. So there's the 2 avenues. There we have the therapeutic discovery, which is kind of our own long term goal. And we're hopefully we'll get to Monica and she can help with our clinical trial a few years, and then more short term. Getting these kind of early stage customers
Morgan Stanton: that we can work with for a few months and help them develop their product and provide us with some financial stability.
Morgan Stanton: And so right now, our our lab we just opened last year, and it's in San Francisco. If you guys want a tour when you all come visit, I'm happy to to give it to you. We can do a little excursion into the city. And right now our, our big ask, is, our organoid models are based off real patient samples. Right? And so we collect them 2 different ways. We can get tissue biopsies
Morgan Stanton: from hysterectomies. That kind of thing.
Morgan Stanton: but locally, we actually also collect met menstrual, effluent samples. So menstrual blood. We can use to also create our samples. And we've just finished a lot of complex legal bioethical paperwork. So we are now open to collect more. So if you know anyone in the space that's, you know, wants to volunteer. We we collect a lot of healthy tissue, too, or some group that's looking to donate samples or work with patients.
Morgan Stanton: We'd love to talk with them. And so that's that's my ask. And that's opal therapeutics.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Morgan, that was awesome. Alright, Monica.
Lilliana Robinson: you're on mute. We can't hear you.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Sorry. Have you tried working with any kind of clinic like local clinic or hospital, because I've actually run a trial where we had to collect neonatal tissue
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): for our cell discovery platform. So just wondering if you've done that.
Morgan Stanton: We have. We just signed a material transfer agreement with Baylor College of Medicine, in Texas. And so we're getting tissue samples from them. There's another one ongoing with Yale, and I'm trying to get the Va. Actually to also get on board it. It's more of just the process is always a bit slow. And we've actually found the collecting menstrual blood is actually the fastest locally if we can get them in San Francisco. More recently. The Nih is also trying to start a grant of
Morgan Stanton: getting samples distributed nationally. So we don't leave out rural populations of women, and there's no socioeconomic disadvantage with this type of work. But yeah, they're they're all just kind of
Morgan Stanton: bureaucratic, slow ongoing. So I'm always looking for for more for more options to get samples.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, I'll do some brainstorming that's really interesting. And yeah, we should talk.
Lilliana Robinson: Dominique.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hey? So it's more I think we've got a question each. We'll we'll do it rapidly. I hope that's okay. But mine's more a comment than a question, I guess so, 1st of all, I I really enjoyed your presentation. You're a great presenter, and the reason I was smiling. So much is you've taken such a for me as a non expert, a really complex topic, and distilled it down in a really easy to understand way. So
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: my question was more from a marketing point of view. So my background's marketing to give you that disclaimer. But have you thought about
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: like thought leadership content, or putting yourself out there to help with education. It's more a comics. I think you'd be really good at it. But I just wanted to understand how you're thinking about that, to raise more awareness.
Morgan Stanton: A a little bit. I haven't pushed it so hard. I cause I'm coming from a technical background. I often don't think of marketing too much. No, it's a it's a a great idea. I actually had fibroid surgery 6 years ago. It's 1 of the reasons I I started opal therapeutics, which is my own experience like that's out there right now. It's kind of junk. So we definitely could be doing better. But no, I'd love to talk to you about it more. It's not something we we've really considered.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, I'd love to brainstorm with you. Yeah. So it's more question, slash comment. Did you have question? Yeah. Look, I echo Dominique's words, you're an amazing presenter. And that was really, really, it's an amazing problem that you're working on. Firstly, but yeah, great, great, the way you you broke it down. Quick, one, just in terms of your customer base.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Are you focused purely on the Us. From a regulatory perspective? Or have you looked at other markets in terms of getting samples, but also customers outside of outside of the States.
Morgan Stanton: Samples. I've kept it domestic and like the we call it an irb, just a bio ethics thing. It's for the Us. I wouldn't know about shipping samples internationally that that could be feasible in the future. But right now I'm not sure we're we're covered to do that for customers. It's also been local, right? I've been mostly been outreach to my network to get people in but I'd definitely be open to to international. It's more of just.
Morgan Stanton: It's been easier low hanging fruit for me to go after people I know in the Bay Area, but I I definitely be open to.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay, fantastic. I'll look forward to chatting, learning more
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: cool. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Morgan. Okay, so that was opal therapeutics. Next, we're going to go to tutor, meet with Nick.
Nicholas Li: It goes. Can you see my screen.
Lilliana Robinson: We can see it.
Nicholas Li: Alright. So, yeah. Tutor me is of what we call like a virtual classroom. And we're focusing on international baccalaureate students. So
Nicholas Li: international baccalaureate is like a global curriculum for primary middle school and high school. We're primarily focused on the high school segment. For now, which is around 400,000 students globally. And I think one of the biggest problems for them is that it's hard for them to get resources because it's kind of a niche program and compared to other bigger programs like a levels or Ap in the Us. They're just not as much resources.
Nicholas Li: So
Nicholas Li: the 2 ways, mainly for students to get resources right now is in person tutoring which outside of major cities, is actually quite non existent. And even in major cities it's generally quite expensive. So
Nicholas Li: from my own experience, like 5, 6 years ago, it was around $100 an hour, I think now, especially in cities like us. In New York. It's around like 1 50 to 200 an hour. So it's quite unreasonable for a lot of students to do this like weekly
Nicholas Li: and we also see ourselves kind of competing with Chat Gbt, or more, Ed, tech focus like checkmate. And I think our difference with them is that they're focused on like the chat experience where they're providing students with help. If they're stuck at homework, or like very specific examples that they want. But we're trying to focus on like a holistic environment for them to learn with.
Nicholas Li: And we're trying to mimic what they have in school. But we're placing the teacher with an AI model that they can talk to. So
Nicholas Li: we have 2 features that we consider our bread and butter with. 1st is study, Buddy, which is what we see a student using maybe like 5, 10 min a day. And what this is is that we have a set of pre generated notes for them to study with, which is just summarizing the chapters pre-built flashcards which they can add on tops worth, but also we have this quiz feature which supports like long answers, which is kind of different to
Nicholas Li: I love the online courses which only works with numerical stuff or multiple choice. And I think what's cool about this is that if they're stuck they can like click on the load chat thing on the bottom here, and it can give them dynamic hints based on what they already know, and it nudges them in the right direction instead of just giving them the answer.
Nicholas Li: And what we're also building out here is that we break down a topic into a lot of the like smaller concepts. And once the student answers enough questions. We kind of have an understanding of what concepts they're good at, what they're not good at. So
Nicholas Li: instead of going to the teacher and asking, Hey, what should I study on? What am I good at? They can just go on our dashboard. They've answered enough questions. We know that they're good at these 8 concepts. But these 2 concepts they might not be too familiar with. And we can give them questions very specifically to these 2 concepts. So it kind of saves time for the student to not have to like study. The whole chapter only have to study parts that they really need focus on
Nicholas Li: the second part is what we call essay doctor, which is kind of niche to ib, because Ib really emphasizes on essay writing and from every subject, from math sciences, humanities, and languages. Students are required to write these essays which contribute to their final grade.
Nicholas Li: And the way these essays are graded is based on like criterias, and they have to hit specific requirements. So what we've built is a way for them to get feedback similar to what teachers would give them. And we can kind of give them to this pretty instantaneously, instead of having to wait days from teachers so that they can quickly iterate on their feedback, on their
Nicholas Li: Either the real essays, or like the mark exams and understand which part of the essay is good relating to the rubric. What suggestions we might have from anything from like spelling mistakes all the way up to like. Hey? We think you should restructure the sentence to this
Nicholas Li: and what's really exciting is that we launched our public beta in January and the exam seasons around May. So we saw, like around 1,500 students sign up and use this pretty actively around 20 min a day. And it's just from like one reddit post a week. So I think with. There, there's like a demand for this from students, because there's no other product quite like this. And we're really excited to like, see this grow as like the school year starts off.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks. Thank you. That was awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Does anyone have any questions for tutorming?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Talika.
Talitha Abraham: Yeah. Thank you so much, Nicholas. I think this would be super helpful, although I didn't do Ib, I'm pretty sure this would have been my go to tool. My question was, do you sell to the schools or to the students? How does that work cause is something that the schools can offer their students? Or, Yeah.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, I think, for now we're focused mainly to be to see just cause. It's I think it's easier for us to directly market a students who kind of have the demand for this tool? But we are planning on talking to schools, maybe next year. Once we have kind of enough traction with students. We see it as a way to like lower the workload of teachers as well, instead of having them have to kind of repetitive grading activities. They can just rely on this to build like the framework, and then like doing final touches.
Talitha Abraham: Both. Yeah. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other questions.
Morgan Stanton: I have a question kind of following up on the previous one. So you're you're selling directly. I forgot. If you said you were doing middle school or high school, but you're selling directly to the students or the the parents.
Nicholas Li: The the parents. Yeah. But.
Morgan Stanton: Okay, and.
Nicholas Li: Actually using it.
Morgan Stanton: Okay. And so are you kind of advertise it like, Oh, your child is having maybe a hard time in school. This can be like an assistant, or like there's tutoring is way too expensive. So this will like help.
Nicholas Li: Yeah, I think we are going with the latter. So the way we did our social like I've read a post before was directly to students, we're saying, Hi, are you like stuck on exams? Are you like kind of struggling on how to study? You might want to try our tool, and that seems to kind of resonate with a lot of students. So I think we're gonna go down that path.
Nicholas Li: and yeah. But ultimately it'll be the parents paying. So we have to kind of play both sides.
Lilliana Robinson: Chura.
Çoruh | CogniScope: That was my question as well.
Çoruh | CogniScope: and also like just on the top of my head. How is the like learning curve of the users seems like, because you like you have some
Çoruh | CogniScope: early users right now. How are they like.
Nicholas Li: Yeah.
Nicholas Li: So we had about like 1,500 users over the before the summer kind of paused it over summer. Just so we can focus on delivering new features. I think, for the the main feedback we got was that it was kind of confusing for them to use the platform@firstst So a lot of what we're focusing on right now is like user interface improvements. Doing like really short videos on like, how to use the platform.
Nicholas Li: because it's obviously easy for me to use the platforms that I built it, but, like for a 16 year old, it might be a little challenging.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah.
Çoruh | CogniScope: well.
Lilliana Robinson: Alright. Thank you. Tutor me. That was awesome. And thank you guys for so many questions. This is great. We're gonna keep moving right along to Collab with flow.
Florence Ettlin: Yes, my turn. I'll be sharing some slides.
Florence Ettlin: Give me one second.
Florence Ettlin: Can you see a gradient?
Florence Ettlin: Perfect? Okay, cool. So
Florence Ettlin: I'm pretty sure lots of you have already traveled and stayed at Airbnb. So now let's just get in that mindset. You just spend hours traveling, and you just arrived in front of your Airbnb. But you can't seem to enter the door, or you're
Florence Ettlin: after you're in. You're stuck on the shower with no more running water.
Florence Ettlin: So it's the middle of the night, and there's absolutely no way you can reach your host, and no one's answering.
Florence Ettlin: I'm pretty sure we've all been there traveling far, spending money, being super excited to relax, and then only to be met with these types of frustrations.
Florence Ettlin: So, despite an obsession of delighting, wanting to delight guests in the industry. It's currently really falling short. Short term rental management companies are actually wasting around 150 h monthly on repetitive guest inquiries so just answering simple questions, and that leads to a loss of roughly $50,000 annually.
Florence Ettlin: They currently use traditional methods, such as you know, emailing phone calls texting or those lovely property manuals in in the Airbnbs. But these not only burden the guests, and they have to, you know, flip through and find what they're looking for. But they also really burden the staff where they have to keep on answering the same questions over again.
Florence Ettlin: And so this ultimately leads to slow replies, sometimes lost requests in in an inbox full of emails or bad reviews. So I'm pretty sure we can have a round table at 1 point about all of your Airbnb horror stories, so we'd love to hear about them. But now is actually a really really crucial time for businesses to step up their game. Because covid accelerated the digitization of the hospitality industry by roughly 10 years with 70% of travelers just like you. And I
Florence Ettlin: really preferring properties that have self-service technology.
Florence Ettlin: Also, there's a rise in cost and the rise in labor shortages in the industry are really really pushing it to automate. So nowadays 75% of hosts are actively looking to leverage AI for their guest communication in particular. Because they really want their now smaller teams to be able to provide high level services or services that can compete with hotels.
Florence Ettlin: And so that's exactly why we built Anna, our AI powered digital concierge, which is tailored to each property and accessible via links. So Anna can answer any sort of property? Related questions, such as, What's the Wi-fi password? Where can I park my car? To handling service requests or complaints?
Florence Ettlin: For example, I'd like more towels, or there is a mouse in my unit. This has happened. So we've seen that complaint before. To also handling providing real time, local info as well as personal recommendations. So, for instance, hey, Anna? What can I do in London today? Considering the the weather we're having, or what's the best coffee shop in in San Francisco, just like William asked yesterday. So this is how Anna can help guests.
Florence Ettlin: And simultaneously, she's basically an extension to the team.
Florence Ettlin: That is 11 times faster, multilingual and available. 24, 7. So it basically animates every team. Superhuman.
Florence Ettlin: Our revenue model is an annual contract per unit.
Florence Ettlin: and we're tackling a 4.4 billion market opportunity. It really spans across the entire hospitality industry, including, you know, vacation homes, service departments, hotels as well as cruise ships. But we've really identified the short term rentals as our early adopters or early innovators. And that's mainly because they're actually Smes that have fewer decision makers. So the sales cycles are much shorter.
Florence Ettlin: They have smaller tech stacks, so little to no need for integration. So we can test quickly. They have simpler feature requirements than, for example, hotels, because they're not full service.
Florence Ettlin: and also they have a lower staff to guest ratio. So they really really need that extra support so that their teams can provide the hotel like experience.
Florence Ettlin: So thus far we've launched roughly 3 months ago into the market, and since then we're now live in 55 units, and we've had over a thousand 200 roughly 1,200 visits to Anna, and she answered over 900 questions already. For the guests on a daily basis. And what's really great for us is actually, this is a super high interactive rate. So it's like 78% of the visits turn into an interaction. And and Anna being helpful.
Florence Ettlin: and all of those questions were answered at a 96% accuracy rate.
Florence Ettlin: We've also been contacted by the University of Edinburgh. They have the Futures Institute which is supported by the Scotland Tourism Board, and they are running a test bed program which we're lucky to be part of. And basically they just introduce us to Smes that are keen to trial our technology. So yeah, we're really looking forward to see how we can grow, how we can hopefully reach product market fit with the help and and the insights we gain through throughout the program
Florence Ettlin: that, thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Hello!
Florence Ettlin: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: And these are really pretty slides.
Florence Ettlin: Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: What does everyone think about Collab? Do you have any questions? Yeah, Chloe.
Chloe Lannert: I don't have a question. I just want to butt in and say that I lived around the corner from the Futures Institute up until a month ago.
Chloe Lannert: like literally
Chloe Lannert: a 3 min walk.
Florence Ettlin: That is something. We've never been there so.
Chloe Lannert: Ready!
Talitha Abraham: Haven't been there, but they're like come to Edinburgh like, Come visit.
Chloe Lannert: Beautiful. Please go such a good city! And they spent years renovating it, and just like unveiled it. A few months ago.
Florence Ettlin: Have to go.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, do it!
Florence Ettlin: Oh, cool.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, we'd love to.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: I had a quick question, are you guys currently using or playing using like generative AI or AI
Annie Brown - Reliabl: kind of features in in the app.
Florence Ettlin: Talisha or Yogij. Do you guys want to take that one.
Yogesh Sabareenath: Yeah, we are. Yeah, I'm yogish. And I'm the city. So yeah, we are using generating AI to help it out, like, we have created a mix of using our own algorithm.
Yogesh Sabareenath: And that's how it's working, not completely into a single generative. AI, like we are creating a mix of too many generator AI, and too many services other other than that.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Okay. Great.
Florence Ettlin: Any other questions.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I have my hand up. But is that okay? If I jump in.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah. Dominique, sorry. Yeah. It's.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Fine. I'm so British. I'm like, raise that.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: No, I mean awesome deck. By the way, I loved your storytelling. Again. Mine's
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: yeah, it's a question. But
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: sorry I got my mind just went by. It's so hot in this room. My mom's got the central heating on, or like dying over here. So if you see us but no, what I wanted to say is what has been your biggest learning so far, cause I could just see your enthusiasm when you were presenting. So I just wanted to ask, like, if there was any.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, take away learnings that have surprised you, or have been
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: like a key point of your journey.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah, actually, quite a lot. So it's hard.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hard question, but.
Florence Ettlin: And one thing that just comes to my mind. And maybe, Talitha, you have another one. But for for us, definitely, the way people actually use.
Florence Ettlin: And the biggest learning. So initially, it was a voice assistant and we very quickly realized. People actually prefer to tap type and have prompts. So the mode of how they are interacting with her, we still have voice, but it's just one of the modes that we offer and also the use cases. I mean, we never imagined people complaining by Anna, and that's been like a huge use case.
Florence Ettlin: So like I said in the in my presentation, the whole thing about a mouse being in the unit, and then all of that it it happens quite frequently. So maybe I know to the clients, of course, that they need to improve their housing, but at the same time it really was super exciting for us to actually see that because we're able to give that type of feedback
Florence Ettlin: in real time, so they can address the issues proactively rather than only getting a bad review after the guest has already left. So yeah.
Talitha Abraham: I would add, is also that it's so cool to see how people use Anna actually sort of like Siri or Google, I mean.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Members.
Talitha Abraham: We thought it would just be like basic property questions, or asking or requesting something, but the fact that people ask her love receiving recommendations from her like coffee shops, restaurants, bars, all of this they love to look at people ask like, Oh, I land in Heathrow. How do I get to the hotel, and we were surprised about it because we were like, Well, you have Google Maps.
Talitha Abraham: So in general, why would you come to Anna? But for some reason people actually trust her and are asking these kind of generalistic questions that you would normally go to Google for. But they're asking her that. So I think that's been really exciting to see sort of the wide range of things that yeah, she could take care of in the future. Yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, oh, definitely, what? That's super cool. We definitely want to chat to you, especially about the tap and and the voice, cause we're on the opposite side. Like for us, it's text. But we're like we're assuming, or we have assumptions that there's voice. So yeah, we definitely, there's be good to get your insights, but I don't wanna hog the mic, because I think someone else has got a question. So thanks, guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Duncan.
Duncan McElfresh: Yeah. Really cool product. I'm curious. Are you looking at advertising as a potential revenue source?
Florence Ettlin: Hmm! Not yet. But yes, it is something that we're looking into. We're planning to test it on a small scale quite soon. So actually, just to kind of elaborate. On what type of use case really looking into like partnering with local businesses, for example, a luggage storage which lots of people need when they arrive earlier in in a city. And then basically get a kickback from there.
Florence Ettlin: So on. Those on those lines. We've yeah, we're we're planning on some stuff there. Yeah.
Talitha Abraham: We'll think about sort of like local businesses that we can highlight that tourists want to actually have access to. For example, like coffee shops, or whatever it is. Give them discounts for the guests, while at the same time getting a kickback for us, and of course giving exposure to all these local businesses, but still just ideation at this stage, like nothing concrete. Yeah.
Florence Ettlin: We can do a round table when we're all in San Francisco.
Lilliana Robinson: That's what.
Florence Ettlin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, thank you, Collab. Let's go to. Is it near it?
Lilliana Robinson: Is that how you say your name.
Nirat Attri: Yeah. Neroth.
Lilliana Robinson: Near it.
Lilliana Robinson: With health blocks.
Nirat Attri: Alright. So Hi, guys, I'm neera. And I'm the founder of health blocks. So at health blocks, we're trying to build the next generation backbone for health tech.
Nirat Attri: So currently, health tech stakeholders are losing more than 400 billion dollars each year due to the inefficiencies that are baked in to the healthcare ecosystem. So after covid, there has been a push for digitization, however.
Nirat Attri: it remains rather scrappy.
Nirat Attri: or
Nirat Attri: and most cases like it, it remains non-existent, the ability to mobilize your healthcare data.
Nirat Attri: So operations largely are people based. And there is a push to
Nirat Attri: make that a little bit more
Nirat Attri: systematic for providers and care providers to have a bigger, better view of the patient. Health. And
Nirat Attri: I don't know why I'm starting right now. Patient ecosystem, and like the patient view overall, so health box was imagined as like a scalable Saas solution that's able to mobilize health efficiently and facilitate interoperability by embedded in by embedding itself into the Ehr directly. So
Nirat Attri: the intent behind it is that we provide customers with building blocks. These might be Sdks, Apis, or libraries that they can integrate into their existing solution and come up with care pathways that speak directly with the electronic health record, which remains a source of truth for the industry as a whole. So for example, we did a pilot with a medical device manufacturer
Nirat Attri: and the quoted price to build like a custom solution was close to 250 k. Dollars, just to launch a pilot while we were able to do it for them, using these plug and play modules in under 60 k,
Nirat Attri: so of course we have, like an extensive list of modules. You can go through our website to kind of see what kind of solutions actually work for you. And then
Nirat Attri: about us were entirely bootstrapped. That was like one of the key things that we have managed to achieve. We've managed to gain traction and like are already doing 100 k plus in recurring revenue.
Nirat Attri: and we do have more clients in the pipeline as we speak we live on the Athena marketplace like these are ehrs. If you guys have encountered them. So, Athena, we went live with Athena like a couple of months ago. We went live on Modmed this week.
Nirat Attri: and we are hoping to close some of the other big Ehrs actually, before the program starts. So we're under way with epic and Cerner right now.
Nirat Attri: So the long term vision, like, I said, for the platform is to become the de facto layer for anything technology related in healthcare. So
Nirat Attri: again, this is like an ask that we struggle with. So because it's so broad. What we want to do, we do struggle with kind of putting it across what it means for each single client profile. We say that our platform is catering to all stakeholders in the healthcare industry.
Nirat Attri: but everybody still finds that needs to define what their turnkey solution might look like. So that's something that we're looking to refine. And as we engage with momentum, like more people during the program.
Nirat Attri: that's something that we seek to get better at
Nirat Attri: to.
Nirat Attri: Yeah. I don't have anything else to add that.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, thank you so much. So this was health blocks. Okay, Monica.
Lilliana Robinson: sorry you're on mute again.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Sorry. I have 2 questions. So
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): one you actually touched upon towards the end. And I was gonna ask you for a few used cases right? And I think it's really important. I did another accelerator that was Pharma focused like a few years ago, and there were many like generic more generic, like platform and analytics companies. And I think the takeaway there was. It's very important to have those used cases. People really like custom stuff right? And they they actually want you to do the
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): you know, brainstorming for them like they don't want to think too much, especially at these like larger companies.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So I was going to ask you, like, you know, pick your top 4 the ones you like, you know, to work on the most, or you're hoping to work on. You could even kind of
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): not have done an actual like use case, but kind of just
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): envision it right and put that on your website. So and number 2, interoperability is a huge problem in Pharma. And I'm sure it is downstream in healthcare as well, so my question is, have you had any challenges there like getting Api access to different Emr a Hr systems and things like that.
Nirat Attri: So I'll take the 1st 1 first.st So what we have built out as a 1st iteration of the product is like a no code, low code builder
Nirat Attri: that we are putting in the hands of operation management teams. So they have a better way of composing. Like, what patient care workflows might look like for them, and we're able to like track the patient journey through such workflows that they build up again. This is very rudimentary right now. That's why we're not advertising it so much. We're still iterating on that product.
Nirat Attri: The second part of it, like you mentioned with respect to interoperability. So the Cures Act made it mandatory for these electronic Health record companies to
Nirat Attri: expose a lot of this patient data. However.
Nirat Attri: these companies just haven't implemented them fully. So what we tend to get limited by is their extent of the implementation, while what we have done on our side is theoretically, we have integrated the open standard that allows us to make this interoperability easier. So again, some of the largest Ehrs have it. Some of the smaller ones don't.
Nirat Attri: But yeah, it's just I mean, nobody can deny us those accesses. It's just like mandatory by law at this point. So yeah, we just piggybacking off of that.
Lilliana Robinson: Morgan.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, I had a question about like the quality of data you're getting, I'm assuming, depending on who you're getting your Ehrs from, like some of the data, might be incomplete, like maybe some people do a great job. But like, how you kind of deal with that discontinuity. And then, is this specifically only for India? I'm like, I'm assuming you'll have, like different countries would have different rules on this type of patient data. And do you find that to be like a a problem you have to overcome, or you just focus on that. The local market right now.
Nirat Attri: So finally, enough, we're based, entirely based in the Us. So all our customers are in the Us. And like all Ehrs that we operate are us based, ehrs? Similarly, the Fhir standard is again it is again entirely based off the Us. Specs. And
Morgan Stanton: The data, the bad data, potential.
Nirat Attri: So yeah, that always remains the case. So what we are trying to do as a, as as like integrating the entire platform horizontally, because what we're trying to do is make sure that once a patient is handed off from one provider to another provider, we're able to track the patient's journey, although the Ehr. Might change. So what that allows us to do is make sure of the data that the previous, like a primary care provider might have collected, we're able to
Nirat Attri: send it off to the referent provider and then send it back from the referent provider into the primary care provider system. So the. So the picture remains holistic essentially and synchronized, so that the picture of the patient that each of the providers has, even though they have shifted ecosystem, it's consistent.
Nirat Attri: So I think one thing which we are also like looking to work on eventually is a lot of this document scanning that remains unstructured. But that's also something that we are working with and be able to make sense of that data as well as it passes through. So
Nirat Attri: yeah, I'm not sure if that answers this question fully, because again, we are limited by what people do tend to record about the patient, but the information that gets transmitted through us, we do put it in a structured manner. So it's easier to make sense out of.
Lilliana Robinson: Duncan.
Duncan McElfresh: This is really cool. Thanks for sharing Europe. 2 questions. One is the the standard that you're working on. Is it fire?
Duncan McElfresh: Yep.
Duncan McElfresh: you're building a fire?
Duncan McElfresh: And
Duncan McElfresh: second question, are you going after the big Hrs like Cerner and epic? Or are you mostly targeting small ones, or both?
Nirat Attri: So we're doing both. The idea is that we we primarily cater to customers
Nirat Attri: that want to integrate with this ehs. So our our primary customers are
Nirat Attri: companies that are selling solutions to providers, so they have to embed their solutions within Ehrs. So they are our primary customers.
Nirat Attri: So for us this growth is mostly determined by which Ehrs these companies want to
Nirat Attri: prioritize. So, for example, we've already done Athena. We've already done Motmad. We are doing all scripts we are doing epic. So the idea is mostly it mostly remains by market sizes. So finally, enough, we're going for the big Ehrs 1st and then trickling down for the ask there.
Duncan McElfresh: Okay, that that was also my other main question is who your customers are? So it sounds like, is it like companies who want to build an Ehr based solution, but can't integrate easily.
Duncan McElfresh: Like, I have an algorithm, I want to implement or something. And I can go to you and use health books.
Duncan McElfresh: but
Duncan McElfresh: oh, very cool.
Duncan McElfresh: Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Thank you, Nero, that was great. So that was health blocks, guys. Now we're gonna we have our last volunteer in the chat snapshot reviews with curim.
Lilliana Robinson: Is it Karim or Karim?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Grim Karim.
Lilliana Robinson: Rim. Okay? And then I think there are 2 more of you here. So if you guys want to volunteer, you don't have to go put your names in the chat because we've now run through our whole volunteer list, but the floor is yours.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: So snapshot reviews is a AI powered dev manager, I think that's the the easiest way to describe it.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Snapshot reviews does what a dev manager is supposed to do it.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: it informs the Vp. Of engineering with what each teams, what each team is doing, how they're performing, and
Kirimgeray Kirimli: it informs it provides insight into individual engineers.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: It also provides feedback to the engineers about how their work is and what they can improve on.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And we do all of that using by ingesting data from Github, Jira
Kirimgeray Kirimli: stand-ups, sprint retros
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and 3 60 reviews. My
Kirimgeray Kirimli: can actually do a quick Demo. I feel like that would be the easiest way to actually
Kirimgeray Kirimli: show
Kirimgeray Kirimli: what it does.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: So let me start here. So this would be our
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I'll refresh the page.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: So this would be your Admin base. So you'd have
Kirimgeray Kirimli: You provide an AI summary about what each team is doing, and what are the interesting things that you should be aware of
Kirimgeray Kirimli: within your development team?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We show you the different engineers and the breakdown of your employees, and then how they've been doing, how many pull requests on average, your organization has been opening up, how many prs they've been reviewing, and how many commits and all the nice statistics we also provide.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: if you actually click on the information, we also provide some AI summary on what those requests were, and not necessarily about the pull request, but specific information about the people who actually
Kirimgeray Kirimli: work on these.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: we have a an individual
Kirimgeray Kirimli: insights module. So you can actually go in and look at an individual who's working on a project. So we provide information about what tickets they've been working on what they've actually done and
Kirimgeray Kirimli: what the tickets stand for, you can. We can see
Kirimgeray Kirimli: different information, tasks that they've worked on various statistics. If you wanted more visibility. We also have a similar functionality on their engineering insights. So you can see their commits and their activities. We have a code review tool that actually goes through each pull request.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: analyzing actually rates the pull request again, using AI, so you can see how big the work was, and when it was done, and the complexity.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: we have a comparative information so like, if how many pull requests this person submitted versus what's the average in the organization. What's the average in the team?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: you can manage the users and the teams is not the interesting bit. But this is necessary, I guess, and then I'd say the most interesting bit is.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: you can also just ask anything to AI about anyone in the team.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I can start from
Kirimgeray Kirimli: a simple question like this asking about a team member, and then you can go in and you can ask the AI to set them goals. You can ask the AI on what they need to work on.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: you can ask whether you can improve on
Kirimgeray Kirimli: this might take a little bit longer.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: But essentially, any question you want to ask do you have the option to ask? We're also
Kirimgeray Kirimli: so that because Dia has access to source code, the pull request, the the Jira tickets, the the stand up updates. And then pretty much everything that's available
Kirimgeray Kirimli: online, it actually has huge context over what's happening
Kirimgeray Kirimli: about any member of your team?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: so you can find out about. And we came up with this idea because
Kirimgeray Kirimli: we also have another company where we have about a hundred engineers and I didn't know every single engineer, and there was no way that I would.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and I would ask my business partner like, How is this guy doing? And he would tell me that this guy's doing good or bad, and I had no way of verifying that information. And I was speaking to the some of our clients, various Ctos of large organizations. And I've heard that they've actually they actually have the same problem as well. They don't know their organization, and there's no way that they would actually know them. If you have a hundred plus organization
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and a tool like this.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: they said, will be very helpful.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: And that's how we started working on this tool. Now, we're also looking to build features that also help smaller startups.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: So we're working on building a ticket creation module
Kirimgeray Kirimli: bug identifier modules and ticket. Ident ticket assigner module and a few others that would also help smaller engineering teams as well.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yeah, that's
Kirimgeray Kirimli: snapshot reviews in a nutshell.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome
Lilliana Robinson: any questions for snapshot
Lilliana Robinson: thanks for showing us the demo that was cool.
Barış Ülgen: Only I have once.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Barış Ülgen: Do you currently support, like batch operations like, assign this this and
Barış Ülgen: this tasks to all of the front end engineers and stuff like that.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We.
Barış Ülgen: Board!
Kirimgeray Kirimli: But can you clarify more like batch operations.
Barış Ülgen: But, like, I want to send all the front end team a single task, but a different task, for each one of them assigned to their names.
Barış Ülgen: Can you do that by typing into that into the AI Chat you just showed.
Barış Ülgen: or you just.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Early. So it's it's mostly like, just
Kirimgeray Kirimli: so it pulls data from Jira. But it doesn't actually
Kirimgeray Kirimli: put any data back.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: now that you've mentioned that it's not a bad idea, potentially a good.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: no near future. We could even
Barış Ülgen: I would really love to try that.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yeah. Why not? I think that could be a very good idea for us to develop in the coming months.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: But we don't have that yet. So far we're only it's the data is one direction. Well, single directional. It's only coming from Jira. It's only coming from Github. We're not pushing anything back.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We're not creating anything.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: but probably shouldn't.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Thank you, Karen. That was great. We're gonna move on to Dave from evil genius games.
Dave Scott: Alright awesome. Thanks, guys. How are you?
Dave Scott: Alright? Some thumbs up. Some people like looking at me. Starry eyed. Understand?
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Done.
Dave Scott: And.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hope you are too.
Dave Scott: Yeah, there we go. Where are my geeks at? Who are my geeks? Who plays? Yeah. Video games, board games? Who plays board games?
Dave Scott: All right, Talitha, love it, love us. See some balloons love it alright, so my name is Dave Scott. I'm the founder of evil genius games. When I was 11 years old I went away to sleep away camp.
Dave Scott: and they played this game called Dungeons and Dragons, and my life is completely altered from that point forward. So I've actually been playing dungeons and dragons since then. I still play every Tuesday with the same people. I went to high school and college with so pretty insane. But what's crazy about it is, I'm 1 of 150 million people worldwide that do this exact same thing.
Dave Scott: Making up a 30 billion dollar industry. The industry is actually larger than the the Us. Theatrical film release industry. And it's growing at 11.8% Kager, which is growing faster than the video game industry cause. What happened was was that when Covid happened, people couldn't go to bars. And so they're trying to figure out what to do. So they all whipped out their board games and started playing them. They realized.
Dave Scott: oh, this is fun, because we can actually hang out with our family and like, play these games and like whatever. And so all of a sudden, there's this huge boom in this concept of tabletop games.
Dave Scott: The problem is, is that also what happened was was like, or groups like mine. People started to move away, and they started to leave like a lot of people left California. They moved to like Texas and North Carolina, or whatever. And now they started to figure out that they needed ways to be able to play these board games online. And this created this huge technological revolution where now everyone's trying to figure out how to create the same experience you create
Dave Scott: around your dinner table. But using technology. So we're actually, interestingly enough, in this technological renaissance
Dave Scott: where people are trying to figure out to do that we're at the forefront of that Renaissance. So we're actually creating a gaming infrastructure platform that allows people to play games online. But then, also because we are. My co-founders are from Roblox. We're also creating a no code technology to allow anyone to build a game online.
Dave Scott: So you can come in. You could build your own adventure, you can. You know what have you? And then you could actually run it with your friends on the platform as well. So that's kind of what we're doing just a little fun tidbit. So dungeons and dragons was created in 1970 by a guy named Gary Gygax. It's now in its 5th edition of the game. And so in order. And and it's it's it's primarily like you have dice and pen and paper and all sorts of nerdy stuff.
Dave Scott: And what happened was was like when we 1st created this idea. We decided that we needed some street cred. So we actually built an old school PIN and paper game. And this is what it is right here. It's called Everyday Heroes. And so it's a 400 page tome
Dave Scott: which, and believe it or not, we've sold 35,000 units of this thing
Dave Scott: at $68 a piece.
Dave Scott: So we did 1.7 million dollars of revenue in our 1st year. This is sold in over 3,000 stores, and it's been translated into 3 languages.
Dave Scott: And then what we did, which was crazy is, we went to Hollywood and said, We can make a bunch of Rpgs based off of famous movie franchises. So we signed 8 deals like Rambo, Pacific, Rim Kong versus Godzilla. We made a bunch of these games, too, and we we found this interesting pain point that we never realized was that when we 1st reached out to the movie studios they kind of ignored us, and then they realized, holy cow. This is like huge for us, because it solves a pain point.
Dave Scott: What happens is, let's say you make Kong versus Godzill one, and it's 5 years before you make the sequel to the game. You have nothing for your customers to do between the 1st movie and the second movie. And so they're desperately trying to figure out ways to engage their customers between movie one and movie 2,
Dave Scott: and so yes, you can create a TV show. But that's millions of dollars. You can create a triple, a video game that's millions of dollars in 5 years of development. Or you can do like a comic book or a graphic novel. Or you could do a game. You know our game. We it takes us about 9 months to build a game $75,000 very cheap, and then it's 100 h of gameplay. So when we actually started to educate the movie studios about this.
Dave Scott: we've had a flood of interest.
Dave Scott: We actually did 8 deals. We could have done 20 deals. In fact, I just got off the phone with the guys who have men in black and ghostbusters and Zombieland and Karate kid. And they all want us to make these games based off these. So we now we have this embarrassment of riches where we have too much interest from the movie studios because they're all trying to save this problem.
Dave Scott: And in addition to this and Neil don't freak out. I think you might like this is, we also got calls from video game companies that wanted to create role playing games based on video games. So we just we just approved a deal with Ubisoft to actually create a role playing game based off of Tom Clancy's ghost recon. So that's brand new news came out this weekend. I'm really excited about that.
Dave Scott: So that's all to say that this, by the we're actually making a transition from a physical game to a virtual game. And so the large part of what we're in this program for is by the time we're done with this program, our product will be fully digital
Dave Scott: and it'll be based on a subscription, a game as a service subscription. You won't need to actually any of this physical stuff anymore. It'll all be done virtually. That's that's our vision and goal. So that's why we're in. The program is to make the transition now from physical goods, digital goods and sort of usher in a whole new digital experience for role playing. It's role playing games and the like.
Dave Scott: I don't know if that's.
Lilliana Robinson: That was exactly 4 min. That's so. It's.
Dave Scott: Boom, yeah, like.
Lilliana Robinson: Steve.
Lilliana Robinson: Super. Interesting stuff and congrats on your new achievement. Any questions for Dave.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, it's like.
Filiz | CogniScope: Go second.
Filiz | CogniScope: I have lots of questions. I'm really interested in everything you talked about. I really love the Nd, and like the 5th edition. Obviously, also, like, I've started a board Game Fantasy Club back at High University. And so I'm all in. I am curious about the
Filiz | CogniScope: in, you know. You said, you can like create your own game in the system. So what does it help with the mechanics like? Because, like, you have to fix the statistics, and like the
Filiz | CogniScope: variants, you variables, you add, should be like in precise things to for it, for the game to work out properly, so does it help.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So we're we're we're based on 5th edition. So what we we're doing is we're automating all the mechanics.
Dave Scott: So all you have to do as a creator is worry about storyline
Dave Scott: and and concept. So we allow you to basically lend off of the core engine that we built. And then you all you have to worry about is creating a great story.
Filiz | CogniScope: Okay, that's great. And also like the everyday heroes. And like the Rambo, everything, the cool stuff you've mentioned are they also based on 5 E.
Dave Scott: Yeah, it's all based on 5, E, well, when you guys get here we'll throw some games down. I'll you guys.
Filiz | CogniScope: Speaker and.
Dave Scott: Play testers. We could beta test a couple of our new products that are coming up.
Filiz | CogniScope: We'd love to
Filiz | CogniScope: great.
Lilliana Robinson: Monica.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I was like, really drawn into that. And the way it was set up so good job. I I don't know much about video games like the last one I played with Super Mario 3, when I was in 6th grade. But
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): my question was, it had to do with what you were saying about like the stop gap between movie one and movie 2, how you know, a traditional video game takes millions of dollars. But then you went later to say that you're going from the tabletop game to the digital game. So is there a difference between your type of digital. Is it more like a tabletop digital game versus a traditional video game.
Dave Scott: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So it's not a traditional video game. Like, when you think of traditional video games, you think like halo, which which is a 1st person shooter. Typically, it's a solo game.
Dave Scott: Our system still brings in community. You're still bringing in people. It's like a souped up zoom call. But you get to be able. But you have a board that you share, and you could experience the game on the board, and so on and so forth. So it's it's a lot faster for us to develop, because that core engine is already built. We don't have to. We don't have to do stuff like, you know, 3D. Rendering and all the stuff that you'd have to do if you're doing like a triple a board game, triple a video game
Dave Scott: so faster to market.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: I was just gonna add, really quick that I am friends with a influencer who does twitch streaming Dnd stuff so that could be a really cool connection. I'm happy to make.
Dave Scott: That would be great. Yeah. So it's amazing like these guys, I mean, these guys who play will play these role playing games on twitch, and they'll get hundreds of thousands of people watching them play the game. And so that right there is a real testament about how huge this market is, and like, yes, please, because the influencers really play a huge role in our customer adoption of our products. So Annie Yay, thanks.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Hey? No problem.
Dave Scott: Well, guys, I'm gonna bring a bunch of board games to the Retreat so hopefully, we'll get to hang out and do some stuff.
Dave Scott: I've got a board game collection about a thousand board games, so we'll have a little bit of fun. Hopefully.
Lilliana Robinson: That's gonna be so fun. Thanks, Dave.
Lilliana Robinson: Annie. You're up next with reliable.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Yes, alright. So. I wanted to make sure that this was
Annie Brown - Reliabl: kind of tailored to oops. Sorry wrong. Let's see. I want to make sure this is tailored to you guys. So we're going to jump around between a couple of decks.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: so yes. So my company is reliable. Duncan is our CTO Duncan finished his postdoc at Stanford has built algorithmic decision making tools for Meta and Stanford health and has a Phd. In applied sciences myself. I'm a entrepreneur in residence at Uc. San Diego and an AI researcher
Annie Brown - Reliabl: and and we're both working full time on reliable. We are an AI infrastructure software that we essentially help businesses make their AI models perform better and less biased. And the bias part comes in because a few years ago
Annie Brown - Reliabl: I built a social media platform for the Lgbtq community. We scaled it to about 50,000 users, and I wanted to use an off the shelf moderation tool. But it became very apparent that the moderation tool was extremely biased towards marginalized communities. People of color, Lgbtq creators. And so
Annie Brown - Reliabl: with my research work, I event, I essentially invented this tool that allowed for users to bring in their insights into the AI model. So we can create localized AI models based on user insights. And just some facts about. I know this is an AI group. So some of this might be a little repetitive. But in case you didn't know
Annie Brown - Reliabl: data annotation, the is the foundational element of machine learning, and it is probably the most antiquated aspect of machine learning. Right now, a lot of data is either shipped overseas to folks that are overworked and underpaid. We actually are partnered with a group called Tech workers, Community Africa, which is an advocacy group for
Annie Brown - Reliabl: overseas data annotation workers to help them get better pay better working conditions. Cause
Annie Brown - Reliabl: if you Google it, look into it. It's pretty scary how data workers are treated right now, or it's done by an in-house data scientist who's extremely expensive. But also times.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: you know, they're one person, or they're a very homogeneous group that doesn't necessarily understand the diversity of data. So what reliable does bring this up.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: So we take our tagging software which can be integrated into any, any software anywhere that users are interacting with to essentially have them label uploaded content. And then we create the most accurate annotations on the market. And I'll show you what this looks like
Annie Brown - Reliabl: in practice. So this is one of our customers. DM, they're using us in 2 ways. One is to actually improve their generated AI outputs. So typically on Chat Gpt, you have a thumbs up and you have thumbs down, and then you have, like a comment box. Well, instead of the comic box. Comment, box reliable integrates so that you can actually select tags.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: And those tags do real time. Fine tuning of the model. And so DM's use case is that they're trying to be a reddit for women and trying to provide accurate healthcare data for women. They tried to use Openai off the shelf. Openai was providing them with a lot of biased male centric information. And so they're starting to use reliable to essentially fine tune. Those outputs.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: The other way they're using us is for posts and moderation algorithms. So recommendation moderation algorithms users when they upload content, they can provide context, to those and users. Just see this as a hashtag. So it's not something that's really foreign to them.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: And then you have a back end
Annie Brown - Reliabl: where you can monitor the tags, the U. The AI scans the tags for accuracy, and then it can also push it to admin. So it's actually users Admin and AI, all working together to make sure the annotations are as accurate as possible.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: And I want to show you guys our new website because we just launched it. And it's really nice for anybody here that's using generative AI or is interested in using generative AI feel free to you know. Talk to me and Duncan, about this. We have several different use cases.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: So, as I mentioned, you have the front end interface of the platform, and then you have a back end dashboard.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: on our website you can go through and look at some of our key features. I think some are really important things. That might be of interest to the group are contextual annotations. So if you have any data.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: that is what we call like, socially, complex data about race gender identity health. You're gonna want to bring user insights into your machine learning pipeline. Also, government compliance is really important. There's a lot of data transparency laws. I recently was at the White House for a round table on
Annie Brown - Reliabl: data transparency.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: And so that kind of helped help sort that through. And then this is just a quick demo of what reliable looks like compared. So basically, if you have, this is
Annie Brown - Reliabl: what reliable looks like run through a regular data annotation platform. So this is actually hive. So they said, this image is female, friendly, and hug.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: When you actually run this through reliable. And this is pictures we have the users labeling this image, they said, non-binary couple, Lgbtqia. So those are very important differences that you get when you bring users into the data annotation process.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Annie, that was so interesting. I loved everything you showed us. Does anyone have any questions for reliable?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Dominique.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Hey, hey? There! Thanks any amazing presentation. Love the deck and awesome tech. I think both of us were just nudging each other the whole way. So we've got to have a chat. We're currently going through a bit of a fine tuning stage at the moment with some of our knowledge base. So would love to go deeper. But I think the question that comes to mind is just around the the actual
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: fine tuning, and how you've trained that data because it's is it all based on your users, or are you? Have you done a lot of work in the background as well. How how does that process work.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Yeah. So the the model is actually fine tuned to your specific platform. So we do have the option. So every platform we work with has the option of also joining a a centric reliable database that we can then bring in that information as well, but because we have different use cases. Not all the data is necessarily relevant. So the 1st thing we do when we're working with the customers, we fine tune the model according to their
Annie Brown - Reliabl: user insights. So it's very specific
Annie Brown - Reliabl: to your users where your users are inputting data. So even if a user say, like, if there's an onboarding survey you can turn with reliable. You can turn that onboarding survey into tags that then start fine, tuning your model in in real time.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay, we can't wait to chat to you. So yeah, this has been a problem. We've been, yeah, yeah. So.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Yeah, using off the shelf models are can be incredibly tricky. And then the fine tuning process, it's like, you know, why, why have a data scientist try to fine tune it when your users could do it for you. So yeah, we'd love to. We'd love to chat with you more.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Amazing. Amazing. Thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Morgan. Yes.
Morgan Stanton: Great presentation. It's really exciting. I had a question more. This has been a personal problem of mine. When I I start looking for databases, for like sex segregation of data which is not actually that common and thinking of like huge databases like clinicaltrial.gov, right? There's a lot of public information there can something like reliable like help me with that be like great like. There's 5 clinical trials I want to look at. Can you help me pull out data that's been sex segregated and like help quantify that data a bit better.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Yeah. So basically, you know the tool, you know, the way that we have the tool is that it's very customizable. Right now, we're working in different sectors. So the different sectors we're working in right now are, any generated generative. AI we're also working with Dei data. So like users inputting Dei data. But one sector we're looking to explore more is health tech and so use cases for that.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Yeah. So I'd love to talk to you more about what that would look like, because I definitely could see a used case where it's like
Annie Brown - Reliabl: you have a database, and you label that database, and then that database according to the labels, then goes and talks to the the machine learning model. So there's a lot of different ways. You can kind of look at that. The other thing is, you could also take those databases and use that to train a model and then fine tune the model with the users that are using your platform, and it doesn't have to be B to C users.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: It can be, you know, healthcare providers. You know, B, 2 B users as well. So yeah, happy to talk to you about that more. And even if
Annie Brown - Reliabl: it's not the perfect fit for reliable. I'm sure me and Duncan could help you. Come up with some ideas of of how to approach any any AI model training problems.
Morgan Stanton: I would love it. Thank you.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. Okay, thank you, Annie. So we are going to go to our last one agent, Lunar, with Dominique and William. And I think we'll go right to time, so I'll let you know if we're running over Dominique. But go ahead.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: No problem. All right, we'll just share our screen before we do for anyone that didn't meet us yesterday. We can maybe quickly introduce ourselves, will. Yeah. So I'm William. I'm the coo at Agent Luna, and before
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: founding agent with Dominique I was an investment director and asset manager at Brookfield, where I oversaw hundreds of small business tenant relationships. And previously I was a global head of digital marketing. I managed around 100 marketeers across 27 countries. And with that I saw the complexity of marketing tools out there. So we've joined forces to solve a problem we really care about. I'm gonna share my screen. Now, if someone can give me a thumbs up if you see a nice pink
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: right? Yay, thanks, Aliana. Okay, let let's jump right in so similar to the previous presentation. We've tailored this with really what's key for you to know? So what is Agent Luna, what are we doing? So we offer an easy to use Saas platform that's powered by AI agents to automate marketing and sales
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Smbs. Why are we talking Smbs, who are we doing this for? Well, Smes are the backbone of the global economy, but they lack the tools, the time, the resources to effectively grow the business.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: There are existing tools out there, but they're extremely fragmented. They're complex to use, and they often require a degree in marketing to use them. I can clarify that I should know. So we want to help our customers turn their experience with marketing and sales from overwhelmed
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: 2 results.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So how are we planning to do that? Well, let me introduce you shortly to Maya.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: our 1st AI agent who will automate social media campaigns.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Maya is more than a social media planning tool. She's a digital employee for our customers.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: What do I mean by that? Well, Maya is bespoke for every single business that hires her. She creates hyper personalized campaigns across multiple social media channels. But what's really important for you to know is that she doesn't just focus on capturing leads and likes and attention and vanity metrics. We don't want any of that. She captures high quality leads which enables her to convert followers into customers.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So how does she do that? Well, integrating AI, she digs deep and enriches any lead that's captured with data, so she prioritize them. She scores them, she scrapes, and that enables her to not just recommend the next best action to really take a lead from an interest to a close.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: We set her to autopilot, and she actually takes that action. So she gets it done without our customers lifting a finger. So it's really all about social selling.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: So why are we doing this? Why are we solving this problem? Well, whether we like it or not? Social selling is key. Social media is key, and we want our customers to be ahead of the curve and really turn those likes into sales. Finally, and really challenge all of those planning social media tools that are out there.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: We've got a really big vision, and we're just getting started so soon. We are building 2 new agents on the agent lunar platform in sales and customer care. So our vision is to really manage that entire sales and marketing funnel.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: But ultimately our mission is our core. That's exactly why we founded Agent Lena, and we can tell you more about that over coffee or monster but we really want to empower that everyday business owner so they can reclaim their time. They don't need to be spending time choosing social media posts, images responding to comments. You know the drill. Where are we now? Well, we've been in Private Beta since November last year. So we've learned a lot
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: and we're super excited because we are launching publicly in 2 weeks time, just in time for tech stars. So very busy right now. But we are inviting you on our journey. Tell your friends, your cats, your grandma, in all seriousness, like we want your feedback and to the cohort, you know, we're joining tech stars to really hone in on our Icp, we've got a few different Icps that we're testing. But it sounds like there's some
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: awesome learnings in this group. So we really welcome you to challenges and learn from your journey and experiences. So we're looking forward to meeting you in Sf. Soon, and that's Agent Luna in a nutshell.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: lilliana. I hope I was fine for time.
Lilliana Robinson: You guys are so good at time, so many of you have ended right. As the timer went off like.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: That's awesome. That will be amazing for our program, because you guys will see that I'm the timekeeper for every session we do, making sure everyone gets a turn that was awesome. We have 4 min. So we do have time for a couple of questions for Agent Leonard. Does anyone have any questions for Dominique and William.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Well, I'll just say that I you know, before I got into AI I worked at marketing agencies and did a lot with social, so would be happy to test and and give feedback and excited to dive in more.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Super excited about that. Yes, we're gonna have some great chats. Thank you, Annie.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I'd be happy to as well before this as Vp. Of marketing at Amazon.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: This is epic. This is epic, alright, awesome. Thank you. I'll buy you a monster as a thanks.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'm joking.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: super.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Well, this was a successful session. I really appreciated all of you guys sharing about your companies. I hope that you feel like you know your cohort so much more. Now I will say Noetic, and one more company. We're not here. So this was 10 out of the 12, and it's already so great like, I can already see so many different ideas. Jiving intros flying around similarities. There, I know you guys will be able to help each other. So
Lilliana Robinson: I'm so excited to like, continue for you guys to get to know each other, to bond over the retreat and everything like that.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll stay on for a couple.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Handbooks, live right.
Lilliana Robinson: What'd you say?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think the Handbook is live.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm gonna email it out. But you guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: You guys will be getting base camp access at the end of the day today? Before we go. Is there any team that has a team member who has not filled out the class roster yet
Lilliana Robinson: that, like you're still waiting or deciding, or something.
Lilliana Robinson: I have gotten submissions from all 10 of you guys. But I wanted to make sure all your team members are on there.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool, great. So we'll send the base camp invites to everybody who's on that class roster. And you'll get it today. Like Neil was saying, the Handbook is in the Hq. I'll also email that out because I have one more email update that's going out to you guys tomorrow before we stop all email communications and transition straight to base camp
Lilliana Robinson: Chloe, did you want to say anything else. I saw you unmuted.
Chloe Lannert: No all good.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. Well, I'll stay on for questions. But this was great guys I loved hearing from you. We'll see you tomorrow morning for understanding your customers come ready. Come having notes and ready to learn, because it's gonna be awesome.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Do we need to prep anything for for that, lilliana?
Lilliana Robinson: Just re-listen to the mattress interview. If you haven't already. It's in the email that I sent you guys and don't forget your welcome kits are due tomorrow. If you want to order swag.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, bye.
Annie Brown - Reliabl: Thank you.
Talitha Abraham: Thank you.